Damaged or Defective Items policy document:

What is Wayfair’s policy on damaged or defective items?
We know how frustrating a damaged or defective item can be. If your item is damaged or defective, we can get you a resolution if reported within 30 days of the delivery date. To ensure we make your order right, we may require a photo(s) of the damage and/or for the original item to be returned when providing a resolution. If you’re instructed to return the original item and it is not received at our Returns Center, we reserve the right to reverse the refund or charge for a replacement unit. We reserve the right to refuse to service any damaged or defective item reported more than 30 days after the delivery date.

How do I report damaged or defective items?
1) Log into your Wayfair Account and locate your item(s) under My Orders.

2) Select “Problem with this Order" (this will only appear for eligible items when reported within 30 days of the delivery date).

3) Follow the prompts to complete your request for resolution.

4) If photos are required, please upload photos that display:

The entire item (out of the box - if safe, please inspect the item even if the packaging is damaged),

The packaging if available,

Close-up and clear photos of the damage.

5) Once your request is submitted, you will receive an email confirming your resolution and next steps. If you are asked to return the original item, instructions will be provided via email and in your My Account.

What if it has been more than 30 days since delivery but my item has a manufacturer's warranty/protection plan?
If it has been more than 30 days since the date of delivery but the item has an eligible manufacturer's warranty or protection plan, please contact us for a resolution. For all other protection plan coverage, see here for more information.

How do I know if my item has a manufacturer’s warranty?
To check item eligibility, scroll down on the item’s product page, select “Specifications,” and view Warranty details under “Warranty.”

How do I know if I purchased a protection plan?
If you purchased a protection plan for your item, it will appear as an "added" purchase on the line item in My Orders.

What if my open box or clearance item is damaged/defective?
We can assist with open box or clearance items. However, resolution options are limited.

What do I do if I am instructed to return my damaged/defective item but I don’t have the original packaging?
You can return the item in its original packaging or a similar box if the packaging has been damaged/discarded.

Wayfair is unable to provide boxes or packaging for the return.