What do I do if my item is missing parts?
1 - Your missing parts might not be missing at all. Sometimes parts are stored in places for shipping that make them tough to spot. Review our hidden parts guides to determine if your furniture parts are hidden.

2 - If you are missing the assembly guide for your item, you may be able to locate it directly on the item’s product page - check the “Specifications” tab to see if it’s available on site.

3 - Orders may be shipped in multiple boxes. Locate your item in My Orders and click “Track Your Package” to ensure the item wasn’t shipped in multiple boxes. If your shipment shows as delivered but did not arrive, see instructions here.

What is Wayfair’s missing parts policy?
If the above steps don’t solve the issue, we can send you replacement parts, hardware, or assembly guide - or another resolution if reported within 30 days of delivery. To help make your order right, we may require a photo(s) and/or for the original item to be returned when providing a resolution. If you’re instructed to return the original item and it’s not received at our Returns Center, we reserve the right to reverse the refund or charge for a replacement unit. We reserve the right to refuse to service any missing items reported more than 30 days after the delivery date.

How do I report missing parts, hardware, or assembly guides?
1) Log into your Wayfair account and locate your item(s) under My Orders.

2) Select “Problem with this Order" (this will only appear for eligible items when reported within 30 days of the delivery date).

3) Follow the prompts to complete your request for resolution.

4) If photos are required, please upload photos that display:

The entire item (out of the box),

Assembly guide images with missing part(s) circled,

Any hidden compartments if applicable.

5) Once your request is submitted, you’ll receive an email confirming your resolution and next steps. If you’re asked to return the original item, instructions will be provided via email and in your My Account.

What if my open box or clearance item is missing parts?
We can assist with open box or clearance items however resolution options are limited.

What do I do if I am instructed to return my original item but I don’t have the original packaging?
You can return the item in its original packaging or a similar box if the packaging has been damaged/discarded.

Wayfair is unable to provide boxes or packaging for the return.