Return policy document:

What is Wayfair’s general return policy?
We accept returns for most items within 30 days of delivery. The item(s) must be in its original, undamaged condition. If the packaging is too damaged, use a similar-sized box or one no longer than 108 inches. If the item was delivered disassembled, it should be returned disassembled.

What is Wayfair’s mattress return policy?
Every mattress comes with a 100-night free trial. If you don't love your new mattress within the first 100 nights, you can arrange a free return. This excludes Mattress Toppers, Crib Mattresses, Air Mattresses, and Open Box Mattresses.

Retailers selling mattresses in CT, RI, or CA must collect a state-mandated Mattress Recycling Fee from customers. The fee is based on your shipping address or postal code and can range from $10-$25. It applies to all mattress purchases in these states, regardless of whether you are recycling an old mattress. The fee is non-refundable, as mandated by state law, and is not subject to sales tax.

What is Wayfair’s large appliance return policy?
You can return a large appliance within 48 hours of delivery as long as it has not been installed and is returned in the original packaging. In some cases, you might have to pay the manufacturer's restocking fee.

Please take the following steps before installing the appliance:
1) Scan the box for damage.
2) Make sure the product name and model number match your order confirmation.
3) Remove the packaging and inspect the appliance.

If you receive the wrong item or it arrives damaged, don't accept the delivery. Tell your delivery representative(s) and contact us so we can arrange for a replacement. Once you have installed the appliance, it cannot be returned.

What is Wayfair’s extended return policy for holiday purchases?
For all items purchased between November 1 and December 31 (except Appliances as described above), the deadline to return them is extended until January 31.

Which items can’t be returned?
There are several items that can't be returned:

Open Box items

Clearance items

Gift cards

Personalized items

Items bundled at discounted rates (unless the entire bundle is returned)

Items marked as "Non-Returnable" on the sale page

Live plants

Swatches

How do I return an item if I change my mind?
1 - Visit the My Orders section of My Account.

2 - Identify and select the return option for the item you wish to return.

3 - Complete the online form, including selecting the desired return and refund method.

After setting up the return, you will receive return instructions via email.

If you have selected "Drop-off" as your return method, please drop it off at the nearest location of your selected carrier. For FedEx, check drop-off locations here.
If you have selected "Pick-up" as your return method, our partner carrier will come to pick up the item at your mentioned address.
Note: Wayfair does not accept returns at its Warehouses.

Will I have to pay for return shipping fees?
Yes, applicable return shipping costs will be deducted from your refund. The return shipping costs can vary depending on the location of the return, size and weight of the item, and selected return method.

Delivery shipping fees or service charges collected on the order will not be refunded.

If an order is returned because you refused delivery, the appropriate return costs will be charged and deducted from your refund.

When will I receive my refund?
If your item is being returned, we'll initiate your refund when we receive your item(s) at our Return Center. When a refund has been initiated, it takes on average 3-5 business days, though in some cases it may take up to 2 weeks.

Can I cancel my return?
You can request to cancel your return through My Account. However, please note that a Return carrier may show up to pick up the item. If the carrier shows up, please advise them that you have canceled the return.