What are the available delivery options for my order?
We offer fast, safe, and reliable delivery services for all our items. The available delivery options for each item can be found on its product page. During the checkout process, you can select your preferred delivery option.

How are small items delivered?
In most cases, deliveries will be made by UPS or FedEx. Since signatures are not required for delivery, the decision to leave your package at your door will be left up to the delivery carrier. If you have any special delivery instructions, write a note with the delivery date and place it on your door. Include your name, request, and tracking number.

What are the delivery methods for small items?
All available shipping options will be listed in cart, but here’s a breakdown of when you can expect your package:

Time frames that include filling the order and delivery:

One-Day Shipping: Within one business day.

Two-Day Shipping: Within two business days.

Time frames that do not include filling the order (these are expected times after being shipped from the supplier’s warehouse:

Express Shipping: Within one business day.

Expedited Shipping: Within two business days.

Ground Shipping: Within one to seven business days.

Orders placed outside of business hours will be shipped the next day. Deliveries are not typically made on Saturdays or Sundays.

What is a large item?
Your order contains a large item if you are choosing how and where the item will be delivered during checkout.

For these items, we partner with carriers who specialize in transportation and final delivery to ensure the product arrives safely and soundly. Your order is handled with the utmost care from the moment it leaves the warehouse to the time it has been successfully delivered at your home.

How are large items delivered by Wayfair?
Wayfair partners with specialized carriers to ensure safe and secure transportation of large items. Here’s how the delivery process works:

1 - You choose a delivery option for your item at checkout. Available delivery methods vary by item. All options will be displayed in your cart.

2 - Your order gets picked up from the warehouse. We'll send you a shipping confirmation email to let you know your order is on its way.

3 - Your order is shipped to a local delivery agent. A carrier transports your order to a delivery professional in your area.

4 - You schedule a delivery appointment. When the local delivery agent has your order, they will contact you to schedule a delivery date and set a time window.

5 - Enjoy your new item! Check the condition and packaging of your order. If it didn’t arrive in perfect condition, check out the article on damaged or defective items.

What do I need to know about delivery of large items?
You must pick a delivery method for large items at checkout so we can ensure a smooth delivery. For each method, your local delivery agent will contact you to arrange a date and, for attended deliveries, a four-hour window for delivery. Where stated, signatures are required for delivery. Assembly services and packaging removal are not included unless otherwise stated.

Wayfair is not responsible for any access fees imposed by the customer's building or HOA. These fees may include gate fees, dock fees, elevator booking fees, etc.

What are the delivery methods for large items?
Curbside (You Unload)

A delivery truck will arrive outside of your home within the scheduled four-hour window. Please note that you will have to unload the item(s) from the truck and move it into your home. You may want to ask a family member or friend for an extra hand.

Curbside (We Unload)

The delivery team will unload the item(s) and place it on the curb outside your home. Once it’s been dropped off, it’s yours! You may want to ask a family member or friend for an extra hand to move it.

Basic Outside Front Door Drop-Off

The delivery team will unload the item(s) and leave it in a safe place outside your home (front door, porch, or garage). Once it’s been dropped off, it’s yours!

You’re not required to be home to accept the delivery, and a signature is not needed. Your item(s) will be delivered as long as the delivery team determines the area is secure. For apartments and condos with a front desk, your item(s) will be dropped off there. For any apartments or condos that have outer doors only, your item(s) will be left outside the front door. Please reach out to the local delivery agent directly if you need to reschedule your delivery. Their contact information can be found in the email detailing your delivery date and time window.

Inside Home Entrance Drop-Off

The delivery team will bring the item(s) inside your home (including individual apartment units) and place it in the immediate entryway. It’s yours from there!

Backyard Delivery

The delivery team does the heavy lifting for you. They’ll bring your item(s) to a location of your choosing in your backyard.* The backyard must be accessible without going through the home.

Room of Choice Delivery

The delivery team does the heavy lifting for you. They’ll bring your item(s) inside and place it in your room of choice.

All-Inclusive Delivery: Delivery, Packaging Removal & Assembly

Effortless delivery where the delivery team brings your item(s) inside to your room of choice,* assembles it, and removes the packaging from your home.

Please note that the delivery team will not perform plumbing installation, electrical wiring, or services requiring the use of power tools.

*Upstairs carrying limit of two flights of stairs (up to 15 steps each for each flight).

Can large items be stored before I receive delivery?
If you need your item held in storage before delivery to your home, our Wayfair Delivery Agencies can hold your item for a maximum of 30 days. Once the storage request expires, your item will be auto-scheduled for the next available delivery date. Wayfair cannot hold items for more than 30 days, and must be delivered upon the soonest delivery date after the 30 day mark. If not delivered, return fees will apply. Please contact us to request a storage hold.

What are the shipping costs for orders?
Most orders qualify for free shipping. Here's how it works:

Orders under $35 have a flat shipping rate of $4.99.

You'll see the "Free Shipping" message displayed under the price of the product while browsing and next to the image(s) on the product page. If your order doesn't qualify for free shipping, any associated shipping costs will be listed in your Cart and during Checkout.

However, there are a few exceptions:

We cannot ship to P.O. boxes or military APOs.

Additional shipping charges may apply for Alaska, Hawaii, and U.S. Territories.

Non-standard items such as flooring or specific large fixtures might not be eligible for free shipping.

Some suppliers may require us to charge shipping fees. Any applicable charges will be detailed in your cart prior to checkout.

Will I be charged sales tax on my order?
In addition to any shipping costs, your order may be subject to sales taxes based on specific state and local tax rates.

How will I receive shipping updates and alerts?
We'll keep you informed throughout the shipping process with email and SMS notifications. You can also track your packages through the "My Orders" section of our website.

Can I update the shipping details of my order?
Yes, you can make changes to your order's shipping details depending on its status:

Before Shipping: If your item hasn't shipped yet, you can easily edit the details online. Visit the "My Orders" section and choose to cancel, change the delivery method, or update the shipping address for the item.

In Transit (FedEx or UPS): If your order is shipped via FedEx or UPS, you can update it using their respective tracking services, FedEx Delivery Manager or UPS My Choice. These services allow you to hold or delay packages, pick up from a local FedEx or UPS location, deliver to another address, choose a different delivery day, schedule a delivery window, or sign for packages online. Please note that items already in transit cannot be expedited.

In Transit (All Other Carriers): For large items shipped by carriers other than FedEx or UPS, you can make changes to your order. Please note that any changes made online must be completed at least 24 hours before the scheduled delivery. If your scheduled delivery is within 24 hours, please contact us for assistance.

How can I reschedule the delivery date/time window or change the delivery method for large items?
To reschedule the delivery date/time window for large items, visit the "My Orders" section, click "Track Your Package," and select "Reschedule." If you want to change the delivery method, go to "My Orders," click "View/Edit Details," and select "Change Delivery Method." For more information on delivery method options, please refer to the "Shipping Large Items" section.