What is Wayfair’s policy on receiving the wrong item in an order?
If you have received the wrong item, color, or size, we can get you a resolution if reported within 30 days of the delivery date. To help make your order right, we may require a photo(s) and/or for the original item to be returned when providing a resolution. If you’re instructed to return the original item and it is not received at our Returns Center, we reserve the right to reverse the refund or charge for a replacement unit. We reserve the right to refuse to service any wrong item reported more than 30 days after the delivery date.

How do I report wrong items in my order?
1) Log into your Wayfair account and locate your item(s) under My Orders.

2) Select “Problem with this Order" (this will only appear for eligible items when reported within 30 days of the delivery date).

3) Follow the prompts to complete your request for resolution.

4) If photos are required, please upload photos that display:

The entire item (out of the box - please inspect the item even if you suspect it is incorrect based on packaging/naming),

For wrong size: a photo of the box that shows the incorrect measurements or a photo of the wrong size showing that it is incorrect,

Packaging/model number details on the box.

5) Once your request is submitted, you will receive an email confirming your resolution and next steps. If you are asked to return the original item, instructions will be provided via email and in your My Account.

What if it is determined to be the correct item but I still don’t want it?
If it’s the correct item but you’re still dissatisfied, we can help set up a return within 30 days of the delivery date under Return Help.

What if my open box or clearance item is the wrong item?
We can assist with open box or clearance items. However, resolution options are limited.

What do I do if I am instructed to return my original item but I don’t have the original packaging?
You can return the item in its original packaging or a similar box if the packaging has been damaged/discarded.

Wayfair is unable to provide boxes or packaging for the return.